Homepage:

Behold! the iconic building within the heart of Birmingham,
opened by the Queen Elizabeth II, Millennium Point. 
Home to the Thinktank Science Museum and faculties of Birmingham City University,
this internationally renowned centre is at the forefront of innovation, learning, science and technology.

With over a million visitors a year, the modest vibrant setting of the Millennium point
is the perfect location for events, fairs and much more.

With year round events, our friendly and experienced team will assist you with any
questions you may have. 



Level 0: Atrium

Natural light floods into the five-storey space of the Atrium makes for an 
impressive spectacle. When the venue is filled, the activity turns the heart of 
the millennium point into a bustling hive. 
The contemporary architecture gives the Atrium a neutral look perfect for any occasion.
With a 44ft digital scree, this display is perfect for a range of content, from 
branding to promotional films. 

Aprox max dimensions:
W: 20m, L: 40m, H:20m
Approximate Area:
200mx200m


Level 1 Door 1: Mezzanine	

Overlooking the central Atrium is the mezzanine, a perfect location for a drinks
reception and arrivals during exhibitions, seminars and performances. With two
entrences, this is one the most exciting areas within the Millenium Point.

Approximate Maximum Dimensions
w: 15m, L: 20m, H: 4m
Approximate Area:
200mx200m


Level 2:

Located right next to the Thinktank Science Museum and Birmingham City University, 
this location offers great project space for your event, whilst offering a unique
view of the Eastide City Park and the landmark Curzon Street Station building. 

Approximate Maximum dimensions:
W: 15m L: 20m H: 4m
Approximate Area:
200mx200m

University Level:

Millennium Point, home to several faculties of Birmingham City University, including
lecture halls and teaching rooms. All of which are accessable space for your events.

All Floors:



Board Members:
Millennium Point is owned by the registered charity Millennium Point Trust and serviced by its operating company Millennium Point Property Limited. Both organisations have their own Boards comprising either Trustees or Directors overseeing governance.

Board Members:
1. Simon Topman, Chair Trustee - Millennium Point Trust, Director - Millennium Point Property Limited
Simon is the CEO of The Acme Whistle Company, a local manufacturing firm. He has held a number of positions in the public, private and voluntary sectors both regional and national. He has wide interests that embrace the Arts, Business, Education and Regeneration.

2. Mark Swallow, Trustee - Millennium Point Trust, Chair and Director - Millennium Point Property Limited
Mark is a Chartered Surveyor with a degree in General Practice Surveying from Northumbria University. He has completed a term as a Judge for the Midlands & East Anglia Area of the British Council of Offices. He was a Director of Colliers Stewart Newiss and then Storey Sons and Parker in Newcastle before ending up as a Propriety Partner of Knight Frank until he retired from the Partnership in 2011.

More information can be found at here: https://www.millenniumpoint.org.uk/our-board


Advertising:


